well I had either internet people it's
beau again fun fact I've got a little
mermaid tattoo incidentally it's all
done in black it's bad people are mad
people are freaking out
so Disney's decided to make the Little
Mermaid black and people are upset by
this because I mean this is an old story
dates back to 1837 and we can't go
changing it will mess with tradition if
we do that let's recap that story from
1837 real quick so when a mermaid turns
15 she gets to go up to the surface when
our little mermaid does that of course
she runs into a prince she saves him he
never sees her though has no idea of
mermaids saved him but she falls in love
with him she goes down and tells the sea
witch the story and the sea witch is
like fine I got you don't worry about it
I'll give you legs but I'm gonna take
your voice oh and your tongue and when
you walk it's gonna feel like you're
getting stabbed and your feet are going
to bleed constantly but don't worry all
you have to do is win his heart of
course if you don't you're gonna die of
a broken heart and dissolve into sea
foam and he marries a princess not her
so she's sitting there on the beach
waiting to die and her sisters show up
their bald because they just traded
their hair to the sea witch to get a
knife they give this knife to the little
mermaid and all she has to do is go and
kill the prince then everything goes
back to normal except for I mean like
him being dead but she can't do that
she's a good person so she dives off of
the the ship dies and dissolves into sea
foam but luckily she becomes a spirit of
sorts and basically all she has to do is
do good deeds for the next 300 years and
she'll get to go to heaven because
mermaids don't have a soul I forgot that
and that is why mermaids help sailors
crazy that's not the story most people
know is head
yeah you can't harken back to the
tradition of 1837 when the actual
tradition you're talking about started
in 1989 okay there have been a lot of
changes to this story over the years
skin tone would be the least of them
would be the least of them that doesn't
really seem like a really big deal I
would also point out that as we have
made these changes throughout history
the themes that we've managed to save in
this story are that while ladies if you
want a man you better give up your voice
and if you don't get a man
well you you're nothing you dissolve and
that in order to fit in and go to heaven
we have to give up your identity
interesting it's funny because the theme
is give up that identity give up that
identity of your race mermaids guessing
that the people that are mad about this
didn't really learn much from this story
the one positive theme in it is giving
up the these illusions that these things
make us different that these things
matter that's the one positive aspect of
the story I mean deep down this is a
messed up story but that's the one good
piece letting go of the racial
separations
but we can't do that in fact we're gonna
call back to the tradition of this story
to say we can't do that that's pretty
messed up that's pretty messed up we
could probably learn a lot from a black
Little Mermaid anyway it's just a fall
y'all y'all have a good night